Expand and update terminology (#24)
ietf-wg-dult/accessory-protocol: draft-ietf-dult-accessory-protocol.md

## Terminology

These terms have specific meanings that are shared across all DULT protocol documents:

> - The term **accessory** is used to refer to any product intended to interface with a platform through the means described in these documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessory:
: refers to any product intended to interface with a platform through the means described in these documents.
```

Author: Elaboration on this from the mailing list:

> I did one change (as a suggestion) to go with a tagged list using the
> kramdown : notation, which results in:
> 
> Foo: the foo is able to leap tall buildings
> 
> Many documents decide to Capitalize all locally defined terms, as if they
> were Proper Nouns.  It's up to the authors, but the RPC supports that use.
> 
> Is "Location Tracking Accessory" our term for Tag/Tile?  Or is it more general?
> If so, maybe to obtuse, and we should bike-shed it.
